We did it, family. We stopped him—the man I told you I saw in the spirit who was going to try to do something at Trump's rally.
There were two different articles sent to me by two different viewers telling me, "Hey Brandon, look what happened at Coachella."I told everybody we must pray for Coachella because there's an attempt on Trump that was going to be there, and I told everybody, "Hey, they're going to try to shoot people in the crowd.
This is going to be a big deal; we have to pray against this."Well, nothing was said all day yesterday about any kind of anything in the news.
Well, today I'm getting all these articles from people telling me, "Brandon, look, he was stopped."He had a fake security pass, a fake press pass; he had all kinds of things to try to get inside the event to try to get close to Trump.
So I just want to give all the glory to God, for He shows the watchman on the wall to warn them to pray on behalf of whatever He needs them to be praying for.
We are making a difference, and I just want to encourage you all.
Thank you for coming and praying with me and my little prayer group here.
I am so excited, I'm speechless. I'm just like, "Wow, thank you, Lord.
Look at what we're doing."We're making a difference, and I just want to encourage you to keep going.
We have to pray; there are still things we have to pray about clear up until after the election.
So we're going to be making these prayer videos. Here's our prayer video today. So God bless you all and thank you.
And then they had the big prayer thing in Washington, D.C., and nothing happened there. We interceded for that.
I was praying for protection over the people, that no secret enemy attacks or anything would happen during the big prayer thing with Jonathan Cahn.
From what I saw, nothing evil happened at all there, and there were probably 20,000 to 30,000 people there.
It was a lot of people in the camera shot who were interceding, taking communion, and praying for this nation, and they were worshiping Jesus.
You could feel the presence of the Lord tangibly when I was watching it. If you didn't watch that, go back and watch that again.
I believe they probably have a replay on Jonathan Cahn's YouTube channel.
So I encourage everybody to watch that; that was a real blessing. It blessed me; I could feel the presence of the Lord.
It made me want to weep because people were crying out for repentance, seeking the Lord, and this is what it's going to take for revival.
If my people, who are called by my name, will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways, He said we would hear from heaven and He would heal our land.
I believe that God is not done with America yet, that there is one last revival that will take place.
He said, "Brandon, there will be a shaking to awaken,"and whatever it takes, His remnant right now is preparing themselves.
We're ready, and we're getting our hearts ready before Him right now as the glorious church ready for a great revival.
I believe with all my heart we're about to see the demonstrations and manifestations of the glory of God like we've never seen before.
Like He said to me, "Brandon, the old wells are becoming uncapped, and we're going to go down to the deep parts."People say, "Well, we want to go back and just see those old revivals."No, I want something new, something fresh—a new, fresh experience of the presence of the Lord, not the old thing.
Let's do something new. So I'm excited for what the Lord is about to do.
The old revivals, the old Harbinger Church, the old tent revivals, the old outpouring like it was at Azusa—I believe that we'll see something greater: the former and latter rain together in a greater way in these last seconds of these last hours.
This is a pillow my wife put on there so you all could see it. I got this at Nancy DeFrain's healing thing she did at the church, and this is Jesus the Healer.
What a witness and a testimony of who Jesus is and what He does for the body of Christ to wear.
You could probably get that on her ministry website, Nancy DeFrain Ministries, but she has these "Jesus the Healer"sweatshirts, and I thought that was so cool, so I got me one.
But my wife put it on a pillow so you all could see it. It has an eagle on the front, too.
I thought that was pretty cool. I just love the witness of it because it's who I am.
I believe it with all my heart that Jesus is a healer, and so I said, "That's perfect, I'll wear it."I was excited she got that for me.
So I just want to encourage you all today about the visitations and the manifestations of angelic encounters.
I believe what the Lord showed me—He said, "As you're getting closer and closer,"and this was several years ago He told me this—He said, "You're going to start to experience more angelic visitations than you've ever experienced before, Brandon."And it has been so.
I've had a lot of encounters from angelic help and divine protection.
I've seen secret service angels. The Lord shows me these things, and I'm excited about it.
But He told me, "I want you to go on and encourage my people today about expecting divine protection, expecting divine whatever."I mean, whatever you need, the Lord has it.
I believe with all my heart we're in a time like never before. We're going to see things like we've never seen before.
I'll tell you some of the visitations that I've had on this for just a second—I'll give you one or two of them and then we'll pray—but I just want to encourage you.
Let's take communion together again. I've got my communion, and I just wanted to lift it up before the Lord.
Today is Yom Kippur, so it's a day of atonement. I know it's probably already over for some of you, but I'm going to act like it's happening right now.
Yom Kippur is happening right now, and we're going to take communion just like they did in Washington, D.C., together as believers lifting up America, Australia, Asia, Europe, and Africa.
We're lifting up our nations before the Lord. If we humble ourselves and pray—He didn't say if the world does this, He said, "If My people do it"—that's us. We're His children.
He said if you humble yourself and pray and turn from your wicked ways, I believe, Lord, that we turn from our wicked ways and that we'll have one last revival, one last major push, a harvest of souls like we've never seen before.
I saw great things coming for demonstrations and manifestations: arms growing out, eyes coming back.
I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, walking in the supernatural will be like taking a breath, just like stepping over.
A lot of times we pray and pray to get over there, but the more you get closer to praying, you'll understand what I'm talking about.
Praying and interceding sometimes takes time to get over that river, but the Lord said it would be as close as stepping over into those rivers, those geysers, is what I want to call them—to step over and feel that.
He said it would be like taking a breath; it will be effortless, sweatless victories.
That's a good word: sweatless victories where you just step into the supernatural and you get your manifestation of what you're believing for like a light switch.
He said it would be like flipping on a light switch. It's not going to be hard where you intercede for hours to see a turn in the spirit realm; He said it's like taking a breath, you just step over.
Glory to God! For somebody who prays like I do, that is awesome. It's exciting.
I just go, "Oh, thank you, Lord."But it's not something far off; I believe it's today as we're entering into this Yom Kippur, the Day of Atonement.
Rosh Hashanah is over and we've entered into that holy time.
I believe we're in a time right now—first the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation.
I don't want to take your time just jabbering, so let's take this communion today and let's enter into His throne room boldly as His kids, not as orphans or strangers, but friends of the King today.
I want you all to be bold about it, saying, "Dad, I'm home. I'm here with You.
I'm sitting on Your throne. I'm seated with You in the heavenlies.
You dwell in me, and as I breathe, You breathe with me. We're one.
The Holy Spirit and I are one."So Father, we just lift up this body before You, and we thank You for the Day of Atonement.
We thank You, Lord, that You've washed us in Your blood, that You have atoned for all our sins.
You took all our disease, our mental anguish, our suffering, mental torments, depressions, anxieties, and fears.
Jesus, You paid the price, and it's by Your covenant—by the body that was broken for us. I thank You, Father, that You are our healer.
According to Your word, Lord, You said, "By My stripes, you are healed."As I take this body, Lord, I thank You that You dwell in me, and there's no place for sickness and disease in my body—no virus.
We're going into the winter months, Lord, and I thank You that You are my flu shot, You are my C-word shot; You have it all.
You cover us, and I believe that You are my protector, that no weapon, no pestilence, no plague comes nigh me.
I take this, Father, and I thank You, Lord; this is my Holy Ghost vaccination. Lord, I thank You for Your protection over me.
You have been good, and Your mercy is new every morning; Your mercy endures forever.
Thank You, Father. Now, Lord, we take the blood. We thank You for Your blood, Lord, that all our sins are washed away.
It is by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
It's a holy thing. We don't flippantly do it, but we do it with all our heart.
Jesus'blood was shed for me, it was shed for them, and I thank You for Your blood.
I thank You for the cross. I thank You for washing over me. The blood of Jesus washes me, and You watch over me, my children, and my wife.
Father, I thank You for the protection of Your blood. We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We take this blood right now in the name of Jesus. Thank You, Lord, that You atoned for our sins; You don't even remember them.
Thank You, Lord, for Your mercy, for healing us by the covenant You gave to us.
Greater works will we do because You went to the Father and sent us the Comforter, the Holy Spirit, who dwells on the inside of us.
Holy Spirit, we invite You into this time. Thank You for this day, for this is the day the Lord has made and we will rejoice and be glad in it.
We want You to be our friend, our standby, our helper. You said You would teach us and guide us into all things. Whatever it is, You have the answer.
We do not lean on our own intellect—because that would be really bad for me—but Lord, I thank You that we have the mind of Christ.
I thank You that You're the captain, and I'm not even the co-captain, Lord; I just sit in the back and let You steer the ship in every area of my life.
Father, I thank You that You have a perfect plan for us—perfect peace, perfect everything—because we're allowing You to steer our lives.
You said, "Trust in the Lord with all your heart, and lean not unto your own understanding, but in all your ways acknowledge Him, and He shall direct your paths."We trust You, Lord.
We let go. It may not make any sense at all, but it doesn't have to when you're trusting Jesus.
We reach forth and grab onto the new thing, letting go of the past.
I'm not going to keep looking back over my shoulder; I press on for You, Jesus, and look for the fresh things. God has our future.
"Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health, even as thy soul prospers."So I'm going to talk to you all about angelic visitations.
One night, my wife and I were lying in bed asleep, probably about 4:00 in the morning, and all of a sudden we felt our whole roof shake.
I thought somebody was breaking in. It was so strong that it literally felt like something was coming through. It woke us both up.
I flew out of bed, turned on the light, grabbed my firearm, and was going toward the door when instantaneously my eyes were translated over to the realm of the spirit.
The Lord allowed me to see these three massive pig-looking demons with long evil noses and eyes that were red and slanted.
They had scaly skin and long nasty hair—of course, it's a demon.
One was like a black mist or a fog that you could see through, but it had evil red eyes.
The other one looked like a pig, and the third one was red and very gnarly-looking with big black horns.
It looked like something off of A Witch's Invitation with Carman.
They were hissing and growling, but they couldn't get close to the house. It's like they were being blocked.
I know I put a bloodline around my home, but at this time I was just staring at them.
It was like when you see a bull scrape the dirt; they were scraping the dirt like they were trying to get traction to come at me, but they couldn't.
All of a sudden, I see these massive angelic beings. They were massive, and they had their arms interlocked—they had their hands on their hips and were locked together.
I believe there were three or four of them. They were standing up, and I bet they were seventeen feet high—massive, bigger than my tree out front—and they were wide.
They were glowing with glory. When I looked over and saw them protecting me, they didn't have swords or shields; they were just a wall.
They had these beautiful gowns on, and their voices were like thunder when they spoke. It sounded like a thunderous echo.
When I saw them standing there, I said, "Praise the Lord!"And when I said that, they turned back and looked at me and said, "Praise the Lord!"They started worshiping the Lord with me.
Every single time they said "Praise the Lord,"it echoed throughout the neighborhood.
It wasn't in the natural; it was the spirit. I want to tell you all: the spirit realm is more real than the natural realm.
It's just one breath away. To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
Instantaneously, we go into the spirit realm, and the angels were crying, "Praise the Lord!"At this time, I see a portal open over to the east, and I can see into the glory, into the heavens.
There was light up there, and you could see the holy city. All of a sudden, when they said "Praise the Lord,"that light from heaven—the glory—shined down on those angels and made them glow.
They started glowing with the glory, and their faces shined.
I said, "Holy, holy, holy is the Lord!"and they said, "Holy, holy, holy is the Lord!"You could hear it through the atmosphere.
I stood there and watched this for a long time because it was beautiful.
As I was worshiping, they worshiped with me, and I didn't even pay attention to the devils anymore.
They went away as we worshiped. I was so fixed on those angelic beings that I had completely forgotten the devils were there.
When I looked back down, they were gone. I guess they got scared away. But I want to tell you, your angels keep charge over you.
Psalm 91 says they would bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
I believe with all my heart that's happening all the time and we don't even know it.
Well, I went to work the next day at the church. I was so excited because we had a staff meeting.
I told the pastor the whole thing, and he said, "Brandon, I don't doubt it.
I actually see a glow on your face."The holy glow was still shining on me.
He said he could see a tangible manifestation of the spirit of the Lord on my face.
That visitation changed my life. I learned how to deal with stuff in the spirit realm more and more.
It's like trial and error—one day at a time. Nobody really ever mentored me.
I used to think you had to be friends with upper leadership or rub shoulders with them to get your call.
You go to conferences and want to sit on the front row so they'll notice you and give you a prophecy.
I realized I went to all the revivals and worked for mega-churches, putting myself in a position to be seen because I knew God had a call on me.
I wanted any guest speaker or prophet to see me on the front row.
How many times did I wait in the back room just to say hi to the pastor?
But the more I pushed for it, the more they looked at me and said, "We don't see it. In fact, we see you're a janitor."And I kept cleaning.
I had certain dear people who would see it, and big ministers who laid hands on me, but I'd always come back and quote them: "So-and-so said this about me."It gave me just enough encouragement to keep going.
But you don't need to rub shoulders with your pastor for your call to come to pass. Now I sit in the back row a lot.
I don't need them to tip their hat toward me; Jesus tipped His hat toward me and said, "Start a YouTube channel."What He's done has been amazing, and nobody else can take the glory for it.
It was always Jesus. You don't have to have man promote you. He said to me, "Brandon, you cannot earn the anointing; you qualify for it.
I will equip the qualified."Many in the body try to earn it by giving money or doing things, but there's nothing you can do other than be obedient—walking in His glory and dying to self daily.
The Apostle Paul said, "I die daily."So I want to encourage you: you don't need a Reinhard Bonnke or somebody to acknowledge the gift on your life.
Seek Jesus with your whole heart, and He'll bring it to pass. I deliberately sit in the back because I don't need that.
It was heartbreaking; I went for fifteen years as just the guy in the bathroom.
I cleaned with all my heart—scrubbing the cracks and the grout—and it wasn't always easy.
In that process of cleaning up vomit and diarrhea year after year, setting up chairs in the sanctuary, I learned a lot about the mega-church world.
It's a lot of racket and insecurity, but it's all about Jesus.
Don't give up on your dream just because somebody doesn't acknowledge you.
Jesus acknowledges you. Don't despise small beginnings. Volunteering to clean bathrooms—Jesus loves it.
The greatest visitations I've ever had were behind a commode.
Seriously, cleaning out feminine trash cans—those are some of the most precious memories I have. He became beautiful in my life during the hard times.
If you lean not unto your own understanding, the Lord said to put gasoline on their fire, son, and fan them, and He will direct your paths.
Your boss might treat you like trash, but keep on with the gospel.
When I get to the other side and He says, "Well done, thy good and faithful servant,"I'll be happy. This side is just a testing ground.
If you find something lowly to do in the sight of man, you'll reap a great reward during the Thousand-Year Reign.
The first will be last, and the last will be first. Do everything—whether it's ditch digging or cleaning a stall—all for the glory of God.
If you're a housewife, do it for the glory of God, and He'll visit you there.
Many people with a huge spotlight now will be shocked on the other side. Humble yourself under the mighty hand of God.
When you stand before the judgment seat of Christ, your work will be tested by fire.
It's either going to burn up as hay and stubble or come out as gold and silver.
There will be a day when He asks, "What did you do for me?"You'll be accountable for everything.
Do something with your hands for Him—prayer, volunteering, being a parking lot attendant.
Do it for His glory, not for man's praise. If you get praise on this side, you aren't getting it over there.
Look for God to say, "Good job, son."I have to be careful how I say this, but I know a man whose company makes about 50 million dollars a year.
He gives huge amounts to missions but doesn't want any acknowledgment.
They wanted to put a plaque on a building he donated, and he didn't want it.
Everything he touches turns to gold, yet he dresses like an Average Joe.
I was interceding for him as he gets elderly, and the Lord said, "I want to show you his reward."I saw his robe—the honor he's going to get!
His robe had beautiful designs like tapestry that represent things he did—badges of honor.
He is so honored because he gave sacrificially and secretly. He never wanted a monument.
But on the other side, his badges were gold squares all the way down the hem, with diamonds, emeralds, and sapphires.
It was gorgeous. So, to God be the glory. I know this is supposed to be a prayer video.
Father, I thank You for every person here. You said to pray for thirty days, so we lift up this nation in the name of Jesus.
I thank You for Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur. I thank You that this is a time of celebration and harvest.
I call the eyes of their understanding to be enlightened, and we take authority over the blinders. We plead the blood of Jesus over their eyes.
We thank You for the harvest of souls coming in from the north, south, east, and west, unhindered by any demonic force.
We plead the blood over this nation and call forth godly leadership.
We thank You that every available voice would go out and vote.
I thank You, Father, that all hidden things be revealed—the plans of the wicked, any terrorist or calamity—we take authority over in the name of Jesus during the polling stations.
I call any kind of corruption or back-door deals exposed. I thank You that it will be a fair, clean election and that this will show the true heart of America.
We call forth all foul play to be exposed. Thank You, Lord, that Your angels are preparing the way, swords and shields drawn.
We call forth the heirs of salvation to rise up. I thank You that eyes are open to the blindness of voting corruption.
We thank You, Lord, that we will take back the Senate and the House.
This land will worship You one more time. There will be a move of Your Spirit like we've never seen before.
We call in the manifestation of healings. Every person here with sickness in their body is healed and whole.
We call deliverance in Jesus'name. They are not tormented by demonic spirits anymore.
We call freedom from depression and anxiety. Be free from those demon strongholds!
Father, we thank You that autism, PTSD, Alzheimer's, dementia, cerebral palsy, and mental handicaps—we call them healed and whole.
What the devil meant for bad, You turn for good. We speak to livers, thyroids, and digestive systems.
We call healing over GERD and acid reflux. We speak life over livers and pancreases, over gallbladders and fatty liver disease.
I pray over men's prostates—any kind of prostate cancer or inflamed prostates—we call them healed.
We pray over ovaries and the uterus lining, over female reproductive issues.
We rebuke breast cancers and issues in the lymph nodes. We call them healed.
We speak to heart valves and arteries. We call for good blood pressure—not elevated or too low. We speak to that blood pressure right now.
Father, I thank You for delivering them from blood diseases, from AIDS to hepatitis to leukemia.
We call their blood pure. We thank You for delivering bodies from tumors and even toothaches.
I speak to cavities and infection of the mouth. Be healed from EOE, from autoimmune diseases, from fibromyalgia.
We thank You, Lord, that food is no longer lodged in their throats.
I thank You for food allergies to be gone. I speak to gluten and lactose intolerances.
We call healing over our bodies so they'll not have leaky gut syndrome or issues with the colon, diverticulitis, or polyps.
The celiac disease is no longer a part of them; be gone in Jesus'name!
We thank You for new colons. Father, I attach my faith with theirs.
I pray over their finances, that You give them creative ideas to get wealth.
I pray an anointing on them to increase. I pray over their hands to do great things. I pray for a soundness of mind.
We take authority over the devil and say, "Go, ministering spirits, and bring forth our finances."We say, "Satan, let it go!"I pray over XRP again and thank You, Father, that You are bringing forth a financial end-time harvest.
We thank You for 30, 60, and 100-fold returns over cryptos. I thank You, Lord, that there will be no lawsuits or distractions over God's end-time harvest money.
You are raising up decamillionaires for the end-time harvest.
It is time for a financial outpouring. We are good stewards over what You've given us. I thank You, Lord, that You can trust us.
Father, I thank You for the great harvest of souls."3.8 million—it goes up to 15, 20, 30, 40, 50 million people would see it and they would know that you're coming, not to promote me, but Father, because it's not even on my channel.
But it would promote the glory of God. Father, the people would see it and they would be hungry for a move of your presence, that they would say, 'We see it,'and they would know that Jesus Christ is coming.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we would have a greater voice to reach the lost, to shake them and show them the way, that they would know that the time is running out and they would hear you, Lord.
We call every single person that you want, Lord, in the back fields, in the back corners. Father, that you would leave the 99 to go after the one.
The overwhelming love of God—I don't call you reckless, Lord, but you are overwhelming.
Father, I thank you, Lord. I thank you, Father, for your glory.
I thank you, Lord, for the manifestations, Father, that you would shine upon these people today.
I pray for every single one of them that the light would shine on their faces, that they would be like Moses when they came down and had to put a veil over them because the glory shone so bright on every single one of these people watching today, that they would see the glory of God on them.
Father, that they would be able to reach their unsaved loved ones, and when they come out of their prayer time, they would say, 'What is it about you, Mom or Dad or cousin or whatever?
There's something different about you.'And they would have such a boldness in their faith to say, 'It's Jesus.'Father, I pray a boldness over every single person that's represented here today, that they would have a hunger and a fire and a stirring inside of them, Lord, that they would know you and they would know what you have for their life.
Father, that they would not seek me, but they would seek you.
I don't have the answer, you do, Lord. I only hear what you tell me I'm supposed to hear.
But Father, they would hear for themselves and they would rise up and hear your voice, and a stranger's voice they would not follow.
I pray a spiritual opening over their ears right now in the name of Jesus, that they hear your voice, Lord. You said they would, Lord, in your word.
So, Father, I pray over their ears right now, Father, in the name of Jesus, they would hear your voice; that they would see in the spirit visions and dreams, and they would hear and know what you've called them to do, that there be no confusion.
We take authority over the spirit of confusion right now in the name of Jesus, and we say they hear you, Father, and they will know exactly what they're supposed to do with their lives.
Father, I pray over that right now, that their ears are open to you; their ears are open and their hearts are ready to receive what you have for them.
I pray that for every single person here, that you hear the Lord's voice concerning your finances, concerning where you're supposed to live, where you're supposed to be working, for your family, for your marriage, for everything—everything you have need of.
The Lord, I believe with you that you're hearing the Lord's voice and you will not follow a stranger's voice. Become real to them, Holy Spirit, even more today.
As they seek you, they will find you, and as they knock, you said you open the door for them, for you're no respecter of persons, Father, and what you do for me and what you do for others, you'll do for everyone.
Father, I thank you, Lord, you're a faithful God. I thank you, Father. I call them blessed today. I call them prosperous today.
I thank you, Lord, for every single person, Father, that you bless them and keep them, that you make your face shine upon them, and that you give them peace today—the peace that passes all understanding.
Lord, we give you praise and glory. We thank you, Father, for this mighty nation, for the nations around this world, that their godly leadership is rising up all around us.
I thank you, Father, that we're always in the right place at the right time; no calamity comes nigh us.
We hear you, Father, on where we're supposed to be, and we hear that inward thing that it's not forebodings.
We take authority over the spirit of forebodings and torment, and we say, 'No more!'You will not torment us, you spirit of forebodings now.
Holy Spirit, if you're speaking to them, then speak on, but we will not be tormented by demonic spirits of worry and torment.
For faith works by love, and God is love, but he is not fear. We refuse to fear today, for you are faithful, Father.
You're faithful to do what you said you'd do. I'm expecting, Father, I'm expecting. We call forth more rain, Lord.
We speak to the rain from the north, the south, the east, the west, and for cooler temperatures.
We take authority over these 90-degree days, these hot, hot days in the fall, drying everything out.
Where there's fires over Wyoming—Father, we pray over Wyoming.
There's fires; we command those fires to cease in the name of Jesus. We call forth the jet stream to bring rain over Wyoming.
I saw there's massive fires; we call those fires out and you help the firefighters.
Thank you, Lord, that these areas of drought, we call for rain in Jesus'name. No more drought!
And we speak to the rain to come now in the name of Jesus, for we have authority over this earth, we have authority over the weather, and we say, 'Weather, come forth! Rain, rain, come forth!'We call for three inches of rain.
Thank you, Lord, that our rivers, our ponds, our lakes are full and that they are not lacking any good thing, and that's moisture, so that the wheat crops would grow and get ready for the harvest in the summer of next year.
For now is the time of the harvest. You said now is the time of the harvest, for you are the Lord of the harvest.
Will you help me? You said, 'Bring in the harvest.'I thank you, Father.
I thank you, Lord, for your deliverances. I thank you, Lord, for your hand.
I thank you, Father, for your friendship, for your love, for you are good and your mercy endures forever.
Amen and amen. Well, I believe you received today. I believe that you're healed. I believe that you're hearing him.
I believe with all my heart that you're hearing the Lord for your own household and that God is speaking to you because the Holy Spirit dwells on the inside of you.
You don't need a prophet; you don't need some kind of word from people say, 'Are you a psychic?'No, no.
Don't go seeking psychics out; you'll get a familiar spirit and they'll attach themselves to you. Don't do that kind of stuff; stay away from that stuff.
I shouldn't have to say that, but I need to because there's people out there seeking psychics and they email me.
Do not go to psychics; they're listening to demonic spirits.
They're familiar spirits. Do not do that. Listen to the Lord.
You have the Holy Spirit inside of you, and he dwells inside of you and he will listen.
That still, small voice—follow that peace, the peace that passes all understanding.
As you develop it and you listen to him on a day-to-day basis, he'll get louder and louder to you.
Read your Bible and pray; fundamentals. Read your Bible and get that word down inside you, and his word will speak to you.
'I don't hear him.'No, no. He said, 'My sheep will hear my voice and a stranger's voice they will not follow.'Are you a sheep?
You say, 'Yes.'Well, then you'll hear him. You hear him. He promised it right there. Believe it by faith. I hear you, Father.
So if you're new here and you haven't ever been to one of my videos before and you haven't been to my YouTube channel, thank you and welcome.
This is kind of new. I've been doing these prayer videos back-to-back.
I think this is day six; tomorrow will be day seven. No, today is day seven.
You're watching day seven. Wow, isn't that amazing? It's a full week; made it a full week.
Got a lot more to go. The Lord said to pray after elections, so it'll be thirty plus days.
So we're going to be praying over America and over these things.
I don't know, these little sermonette things that I'm doing...
I don't know if I'll have one of these every day, but it was just on my heart to tell you what I told you today about 'Don't despise small beginnings.'I hope it blessed you.
Like the video if you could. Subscribe if you haven't. Seriously, let's push this thing above 400,000.
That would be really cool to get it above 400,000. I give all the glory to God to do that.
Wow, to be almost half a million people praying and seeking the Lord with me—what a blessing that is.
I get excited about it. I go, 'Lord, look what you're doing.'It's like a little city, all for the glory of God.
Well, if you could, like I said, like the video, subscribe, and comment down below something nice if the video blessed you.
It just blesses us; my son tells me about it and everything. Well, let's sing a little song together as we close.
I like 'Jesus is Coming Soon.'Jesus is coming soon, morning or night or noon; many will meet their doom.
Trumpets will surely sound; all of the dead shall rise, righteous meet in the sky, going where no one dies, heaven we're bound.
He's coming, we're all on our way soon. Well, glory to God. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you, and we will see you all again next time.
God bless you all and enjoy your Sunday because I believe it's today, Sunday.
Blessings, blessings, blessings. Have a great day, y'all. Bye-bye.